hi
[Music]
for this video i'm going to do a korean
inspired makeup look
basically malapa fresh peachy and very
popular
so i'm going to achieve this look using
some products from squad cosmetics i'm
going to feature their newest
release which is the squad led mimi
palette so i have here two of the shades
one in serene and one in sneaky maximize
so if you guys want to see how i made
this look
using this products and some other
products from the brand then
okay so let's start with the eyeshadow i
have two variants here
the sneaky and serene
pink and young sneaky is more of a
neutral brown
shades this costs only 99 pesos yes 99
pesos longshot for four
shades and 1.75 grams
so very sulit nusha i tried this
one and very creamy very buttery
yum texture almost like the color pop
eyeshadows i'm going to swatch
yoma shades in serene and sneaky
this one so this is the lightest
shade from sneaky it's a taupe brown
next is a chocolate brown
this is also
i'm that warm toner and
me additional
which is the middle color and then i'm
going
to try the shimmer
that it comes with we're going to try
the shimmer
okay
wow okay okay
shades so a top brown a middle
chocolatey brown a cool tone brown
and a shimmer one reference canyon
okay let's remove this one
and swatch not the new serene
just in the shade serene and unlike
sneaky which
[Music]
next is this one
second color very nice
apples in darkest not very nice as well
and very pigmented naman and you can use
this as a blush
so what i purpose then
[Music]
99.99 okay so i'm going to try
since korean yeah i think i don't even
know
so we're going to start the makeup look
the eye makeup i'm going to apply the
middle shade
i'm going to apply this shade all over
my lips
so my lash line going to apply that
this is a shader brush fluffy
and i got that i mean i thought
this one from my aunt
sasha
if you want a good and affordable
brushes you can buy from that store
a la gas and then i make up
when you're trying
[Music]
perfect okay so i'm done
and then i'm using the same brush
darkest shades
but i'm going to blend it with a
blending brush
this one's from blood thing
okay okay i think it's
blended now tapos i'm going to using
sneaky
i'm going to use the darkest shade right
here
tapas shader brush again
[Music]
it's kind of a subtle liner i know
you're using
an eyeshadow do the same
on the outfit
and pretty
ready
you see that the difference
and this elongates the newer
eyes
okay i'm done with the eye makeup
so for the next one i'm going to do the
nose line
and i love so the wonton i must
prefer
and it's perfect for every day perfect
for
night look then
no slime
parallel
[Music]
um
okay so i'm done applying mascara and
curling my lashes
the next thing that we're going to do is
to highlight
since i'm looking at the blush and now
contour i'm using the bake highlighter
from squad cosmetics in the shade
starlight
and i love this highlighter
very soon
[Music]
i don't
foreign
skin
[Music]
okay
i'm going to use another product from
squad cosmetics
this is the multi-purpose mousse cream
in the shade bubbly
so since this is a korean makeup look i
am going to do
a ombre
so this is a peachy red not perfect for
everyday
lippy and it's very light as in
very light parabola then
i'm using young lipton in the shade
lips or ombre lips whatever you call it
i'm actually done i'm gonna fix my hair
long
and i'll be back
it's so nice and the lips
so yeah i really enjoyed using the
products
see you next
so yeah bye